[all hosts] (Office 2016) Address Office 2016 and Office 2019 reaching end of support (#5463)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/debug-desktop-using-edge-chromium.md

---
title: Debug Office Add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)

> description: Learn how to debug Office Add-ins that use Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based) in VS Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Debug Office Add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge
description: Learn how to debug Office Add-ins that use Microsoft Edge in VS Code.
```

ms.date: 11/06/2025
ms.localizationpriority: high
---

# Debug Office Add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)

> Office Add-ins running on Windows can debug against the Edge Chromium WebView2 runtime directly in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Office Add-ins running on Windows can debug against the Edge runtime directly in Visual Studio Code.
```
